在她看来，每一日都是一场盛大的宴会。
To her, everyday was a grand banquet.
一场没有客人的宴会。
A banquet without guests.

她俨然按照自己的经历与回忆构筑起了这栋建筑：一座精美的西式庄园。
She built this architecture in strict accordance with her own experience and memories: A exquisite Western style manor.
要是有人前来拜访，必然会被精美的布局和装饰所折服。
If someone arrived, he must have been impressed by the exquisite layout and decoration.
只是，不曾有人来到这里。
But, no one had arrived.
而且，将来也不会有人来到这里。
And, no one would arrive.

在发现自己不需要像残片回忆中其他人那样需要进食之后，她就将自己的全部精力用来拼凑和游览记忆上。她看到了很多，她又索然无味。
After finding out that she didn't need to eat like people in fragments' memories, she devoted all her energy to piecing together and visiting memories. She saw I lot. She felt bored.
徜徉在自己的庄园里，就是在回忆她刚来到世界的那一刻，在回忆她进入的第一段记忆。
Wandering in her own manor, is remembering her first time in the world, is remembering her first memory.

但是她不知道的是，今天将会和以往不同。
But what she didn't know is today would be different.
实际上，她不会知道这个不同给她带来的是什么。
In fact, she didn't know what this difference could bring.
虽然她若知晓，她也不会害怕。
Even if she had knew, she would not be scared, though.

"大厅里……好像有动静。"她喃喃自语，小心翼翼地躲在走廊的墙后。
"There seems to be something......in the hall." She muttered to herself and hid carefully behind the wall in the corridor.
有人来了。看起来不像是访客。
Somebody here. Looked like not guests.
"小心点，可疑的东西不要碰，尽可能拍下我们想知道的任何东西。"领头的男性说道，指挥着其他人。
"Be cautious. Don't touch any suspicious things. Photo every thing we want to know." Said the leading man, commanding the others.
他们手里拿着的……似乎不仅仅是照相机。
What in their hands......seemed to have more than just cameras.
她折回厨房，拿起了那把她熟悉的面包刀。
She went back to kitchen, picked up the bread knife she knew.
在她看来，她不知道这些人的意图，就如她不会在一开始就知道整个回忆一样。
From her eyes, she didn't know what these men wanted to do, just as she wouldn't know the whole memory in the beginning.
她只是在做符合她认识的事情。
She was just doing what she knows.
从大厅外绕一圈，绕到他们后面，很合理。
Go around outside the hall and behind them, reasonable.

随着敏捷地一扔，面包刀从她的手中飞出，直接奔向领头男性的喉咙。
With a quick throw, the bread knife flew out of her hand and ran directly to the throat of the leading man.
但随即而来的，是猛烈的金属碰撞的声音。刀被盾牌挡落，就这么掉在地上，发出清脆的响声。
But then came the sound of violent metal collision. The knife was blocked by the shield. It fell to the ground and made a crisp noise.