"……就是这样，我想我能告诉你们的也只有这么多了。"那个女孩戒备的对小队队长说。
"And that's all. I think that's all I can tell you." The girl said on the alert to the team leader.
"非常感谢，我们并无意冒犯，您的回答对我们认识这个世界至关重要。"队长回答道，转过身，准备让小队返回营地收工。
"Thank you very much. We don't mean to offend. Your answer is very important for us to understand the world." The leader replied, turned around and prepared to let the team return to the camp.
"诶诶诶队长，咱们怎么能就这么走了呢？"一个声音响起。
"Hey, hey, leader, how can we just leave?" A voice sounded.
队长定睛一看，是随队科学家，那个烦人的家伙。
The leader took a look. It was the team scientist, the annoying guy.
"你还有什么想问的，我们不能打扰人家。"队长的话隐隐含着命令。
"What else do you want to ask? We can't disturb others." The leader's words implied an order.

"就是，那个，小姐，"科学家问道，"您提到您的主要生活就是去探索与经历……残片里的回忆？这是怎么做到的？我们拿到残片只能判断它们是否蕴含能量。"
"So, that, miss," The scientist asked. "You have mentioned that your main life is to explore and experience......memories in fragments? How could you make it? We only have the ability to judge whether they have energy."
那名女孩微微一笑，"哈，只是这个问题啊，对于我来说这其实很简单，只要走进这些回忆里就行了。也许会套入进回忆场景中某一个人的具体人格上，不过对我来说还好……要不我带你去看，也许你也可以看到回忆。"
That girl answered with a smile, "Hah, only this question? Easy for me, you just need to step into the memory. Maybe you will become somebody in the memory, but that's fine for me......Maybe I can show them to you and you could see those memories."
"那可真是太好了！"科学家一副喜形于色的神情。队长则微微摇了摇头，又要让整个个小队陪这个"疯子"冒傻气了。
"That's great!" The scientist lighted up with pleasure. The leader shook his head slightly. Seems that the whole team needs to be silly with this "mad guy" again.

女孩七拐八拐地把一行人待到一扇门面前。这扇门是一扇大门，显然，门后面的房间规模不会小，可能是另一个大厅。
The girl led the group in front of a door. It was a big gate. Obviously, the room behind it couldn't be small. Maybe another hall.
她轻轻推开门，展现在众人眼前的，是由残片构成的云雾，闪着荧光，漂浮在大厅里。
She pushed the door slightly. What in front of their eyes was a florescent cloud, made by fragments, floating in the hall.
没有人不展示惊异，但是所有的军人都受过训练，缄默不做声。
No one didn't show surprise, but all soldiers were trained to be silent.
除了科学家。
Except the scientisit.
"哇，没想到这里有这么多'活'的残片……这些残片肯定包含不止一个记忆吧，您是怎么在众多残片中挑出你想要的那个记忆呢？"
"Wow, so many fragments 'alive' here......I think there must be more than one memory in these fragments. How could you pick up what you want to see among them?"
"这并不难，你能从残片中看到回忆的片段，只要你选中它走进去，完整的回忆就会展现在你面前。"
"It's not hard. You could see parts of memories through fragments. The whole memory will be shown once you step in."
她说完顿了顿，向科学家伸出了手。
She stopped for a while, and reached her hand to the scientisit.
"我怕你第一次不知道怎么进去。"她解释道。
"I'm afraid you don't know how first time." She explained.
"没事没事，为了科学！"出乎她意料的是，科学家直接握死了她的手，一点都不带犹豫。
"OK, OK, It's for science!" To her surprise, the scientist held her hand directly and tightly, without any hesitation.
"那好的，我们进去吧。"她转过头，把另外一只手伸向了离她最近的残片。
"That's fine. Let's go." She turned her head and extended her other hand to the nearest fragment.

科学家目睹着女孩的手指逐渐化为残片，飞向她先前指向的方向。她化成的残片泛着蓝绿的荧光，很美。
Scientists watched the girl's fingers gradually turn into fragments, flying towards the direction she had pointed before. The fragments of her had a blue-green fluorescence, beautiful.
先是手指，然后是手，最后是整个手臂与身躯，她就这么变成了和她想要进入的对象相一致的东西。
First the fingers, then the hands, and finally the whole arm and body, she became the thing she had wanted to get in.
她化为的残片之间没有丝线连接，但是外人一看就知道这是一个整体。绿色的残片移动进一团残片云雾中，时隐时现。
The fragments she had turned to had no no wire connection between each other, but others could see that this was a whole. The green fragments moved into a cloud of fragments, flickering.
没有人不展示惊异，但是所有的军人都受过训练，缄默不做声。
No one didn't show surprise, but all soldiers were trained to be silent.
除了科学家。
Except the scientisit.

"哇……这……这可太美妙(fascinating)了！"
"Wow......This......This is so <s>delightful</s><i>fascinating</i>!"

(↑这里"美妙"一词别给我用delightful整幺蛾子)