圣诞节，难得的休假日，你正在为庆祝成立实验室一周年做准备。
Christmas, a rare holiday. You were preparing for the celebration of your lab's first anniversary.
你在心里告诉自己，就这一次，搞研究不应该被其他的事情所分心。
Just for the first time and just for only one time, you told yourself. There shouldn't be other businesses to bother your research.
在暮色下，雪花缓缓地飘落，映衬着远处刚点亮的圣诞树。
Snowflakes slowly fell down at dusk, matching the christmas trees far away, just lighted out.

在置办完最后一批装饰之后，你忽然感觉到已经很冷了，决定去附近的星巴克转一圈，买杯咖啡。这一年来，你已经养成了喝咖啡的习惯，毕竟——你懂的，不知道什么时候引起你兴趣的东西就来了。
After placing the last batch of decoration, you suddenly felled cold. You made up your decision to buy a cup of coffee at the Starbucks nearby. You had been used to drinking coffee for the year just passed by. After all, you know, inspiration may come at any moment.
"主任？"一个声音打断了你的思绪，你转过头，发现是那名女学生，读哲学博士的那位，喜欢神秘学的那位。
"Director?" A voice came to interrupt your thinking. You turned around and found out that was the college girl who were studying for a Ph.D. of Philosophy, who loved digging into occultism.
"哦，乔娜，有什么事吗？"你习惯了这样去问她，正如她已经习惯刚才那样直接向你汇报问题。
"Oh, Joana, what's up?" You were used to asking her like this, just as she was used to reporting directly to you just now.
"是这样的，……等下让我理一下，我需要组织一下语言，这个想法是我昨天晚上想到的……"她支支吾吾犹犹豫豫，不像是她一贯干脆利落的学术人风格。
"Well, the thing is...... Wait a second, I need to organize my words. This idea came to me last night......" She was hesitating. It wasn't like her, always crisp academic style.
"没事，慢慢来。"你只能等待。
"OK, take your time." You had to wait.
"……好，差不多了，但是我想说的话有点多，这里不太方便说。"她开口说出的话又给你了一个意外。
"......well, almost ready. But what I want to say is little more. It's not convenient here." Another unexpected answer.
"行，正好我要去星巴克打一杯，要不你也来？"你越发对她这次想要说的话感到好奇。你有一种预感，这种好奇可能像你一开始看到地上那枚发着光的玻璃残片一样重要但又致命。
"OK, I'm just going to Starbucks for a drink. Why don't you come too?" You had a kind of premonition. This kind of curiousity may be the same important as the glass fragment you saw at the very beginning, but more fatal.

星巴克熙熙攘攘，你很诧异你竟然能够在圣诞节这种假日档期里找到两个空座位。
The Starbucks were bustling. You were suprised that you could find two seats here during Christmas holidays.
等到服务员端上了咖啡与点心，你开口问道："到底想到什么了？"
After the waiter bringing coffee and snacks, you asked: "What's in your mind?"
"是这样的，我们已经对残片所指向的世界已经研究了好一阵子了不是吗？"乔娜开始说，语气语速又恢复了她一贯的风格。"我知道主任您对两个月前我们在那个世界里发现有人的存在是很高兴的，我也一样。"
"Things are that we have been researching the world fragments pointing to, right?" Joana began her speaking, speed of voice returning to her usual style, "I know, you were very satisfied to discover the existence of somebody there two month ago, and so did I."
"是啊，那真是令人激动的时刻，只是我们还不能把发现公之于众，还有很多的东西没有搞清楚。"
"Yeah, an exciting moment. Unfortunately, we can't publish our findings tp the public yet. There're still lots of things unclear."
"然后，我们就开始了对那个世界的社会学研究，研究城市，研究宗教信仰，从书籍文化、建筑风格、普通人的生活等等方方面面去研究……成果一个接一个，虽然大多数不重要，但是足以在我们实验室的成果上记上很大一笔了。"
"And then we begun sociological study of that world, studying cities, studying religions, from books and cultures, from architectural styles, from ordinary people's lifestyle...... One outcome after another, most are unimportant though, but it's a big sum in the results of our laboratory."
"对呀，这也正是我准备庆祝实验室举办一周年的原因，难道这不是一件好事吗？"你愈发感到疑惑。
"And that's why I am preparing for our lab's first anniversary. Isn't that a good thing?" You became more and more confused.
"这就是我马上要说的，好事归好事，但是所有参与进研究的人一开始都被突如其来的成果冲昏了头脑，昨天晚上我躺在床上的时候，突然想到世界先遣队的报告里没有提到生命探测仪的数据。"她的语速开始变快，声音也愈发急促，仿佛有什么东西在促使她揭开一个秘密。
"That's what I'm going to say. Good is good, but all those involved in the research were dazzled by the sudden results at the beginning. It suddenly occurred to me that the report of the world advance team did not mention the data of the life detector last night."
"啊？……不过这不要紧啊，我们不是看到一个由人组织的社会在那个世界里正常运行了吗？"
"Huh? It doesn't matter? We have already seen a society made up by people here, functioning normally."
"是的主任，这就是问题，今天早上我调取了世界先遣队的报告，发现生命探测仪根本就没有探测到生命！"乔娜几乎要喊出来了，但显然是公共场合不敢做声，"也就是说……"
"That's the point, Director. I retrieved the report of the world advance team this morning, and found out that the life detector had not detect life at all!" Joana almost shouted out, but she obviously  didn't want to shout in public, "That means..."
"也就是说，我们在那个世界里看到的，并不是'人'？……"
"Is that mean what we saw in that world is not 'people'?"

手中的那杯咖啡还热乎着，但你却觉得外面的雪下大了。
The cup of coffee in your hand was still hot, but you felled it was snowing more heavily outside.