你从来没有想过在圣诞节后连续几天都不合眼，今天好歹睡了一会。
You never expected that you would not sleep for days. At least you slept for a while this day.
对世界的生命探索结果果然和她提到的一样，生命探测仪一点反应都没有，像是死了一样。
As she mentioned, the result of discovering life forms in that world got nowhere. The life detector had no response, as if dead.
通过冒险地向那个世界的人侧旁敲击地询问生死观，你不得不怀疑你遇到了崭新的生命形式——或者说不一样的生命定义：
……因为他们根本不认为自己是死人。
By riskily and indirectly asking people there about the concept of life and death, you had to doubt that you found a new form of life---or a new definition of it...... Because they never thought they were dead.

但是对于其他研究者来说，这不过是疏忽带来的小插曲罢了。毕竟——他们认为——这无非是另外一个忘了考虑的成果罢了，并不会影响到接下来和本已经有的研究。
While to other researchers, it was just an episode caused by negligence. After all, <i>they</i> think, this was nothing more than another achievement of forgetting to consider, and would not affect the following and existing research.
然而，你和乔娜都认为这件事绝非那么简单。"相信直觉，"你说,"这种研究忽视可能性带来的后果是致命的。"
Both Joana and you thought that was definitely not the case, however. "Trust intuition." you said, "Ignorance may be fatal."
"主任，您最近似乎休息的不太好……不过我是来做社会学研究的报告的，经过了一个月的研究，我们认为这份初步报告可以拿得出手了。"主管社会学研究的研究员无不关切——或者说压根没听你的话——地说。
"You don't seem to have a good rest recently, director......I'm here for the report on sociological research. We think we could publish this preliminary report after one month of hard work." The researcher in charge of sociological research said with concern---or he didn't listened to what you had said. 
"啊，也行……我最近是没怎么睡觉，怎么，这份报告可以发杂志了吗。"你对公开研究成果一向很小心。要避免社会冲击，你想。
"Ah, yeah......I really haven't slept much recently. What's up? Is this report ready for journals?" You were always very cautious with publishing research results. You must avoid social impact, you thought.
"嗯，几乎吧……但是，说实话，那个世界的宗教信仰真的是太有意思了，他们崇拜的是一个真实存在的角色，被称为'大祭司'，而她的代理人被称为'大主教'，都在我们主要勘察的城市的中心广场的教堂里边。"
"Eh, almost......But, to tell you the truth, the religious beliefs in that world are really interesting! They are worshiping a real character, called 'the High Priest'. Her agent is called 'the Archbishop'. Both of them live in the church at the center square of the city we mainly prospected."
"嗯哼，所以呢？"你纳闷这和报告有什么关系。
"So?" You wondered what this has to do with the report.
"前一阵子，先遣队有人进到教堂里去了，大主教一眼就看出来不是这个世界的人，于是我们的队员借机问了很多关于这个世界的问题，不得不说收获颇丰啊……只是可惜，我们还没争取到亲自会见大祭司的机会。"他说话抑扬顿挫，像是在讲故事。社会学研究的人最喜欢讲故事了，不管是编的还是真的。
"Some of the advance team went into the church not long ago. The Archbishop recognized them coming from another world at once, so our team members asked lots of questions about that world. I have to say that It have gained a lot......It's just a pity that we haven't won the chance to meet the High Priest in person." He spoke in cadence, as if he were telling a story. Sociologists like to tell stories, no matter they're true or false.

"但是我听队员说，大祭司会亲自主持祭祀与祭典，而且祭祀和祭典并不是很罕见的啊。"你接着纳闷。
"But I heard from the team members that the High Priest will preside over sacrifices and ceremonies personally , and that are not very rare." You wondered still.
"那种哪能跟亲自见面比啊，能够当面跟神问问题，这种机会是千载难逢的，就像上帝允许你给他打电话一样。"他越说越眉飞色舞，眼里仿佛闪着光，你不知道他是为了追求什么，"而且我们的运气也真是背，进入城市的时候祭典刚刚过去，一时半会也不会再有，所以我们其实并不知道大祭司长啥样。"
"How can you compare that with meeting her in person? It's once in a lifetime get an opportunity to ask questions directly to god! Just like the God allows you to phone him." The more he said, the face of him beamed with more joyful. You didn't know what he was aspiring for. He continued, "Bad luck though, a ceremony had just ended when the team went into the city, which won't happen again for a while. So in fact we don't know the appearance of the High Priest."
"也就是说，你认为你们要和那个'大祭司'亲自见面，你们的报告才算完整？"你在心里嘀咕起来，社会学的人是真的喜欢说故事。
"In other words, do you think your report is incomplete before you meet the 'High Priest' in person?" Sociologists really like to tell stories, you muttered in your heart.
"是的，要不然我们的报告也只能算'初步'。"他仿佛又没听见你的话里有话。
"Yes, otherwise our report would always be 'preliminary'." He didn't seem to get what you really meant.