从会议室里出来，你感到头昏脑胀。
You felt dizzy when you came out of the meeting room.
你的研究的初步报告在科学界引起了震动，毋庸置疑。
There was no doubt, your preliminary report of your research caused a shock in the scientific circle.
但是让你感到惊奇的是，世界上并不是只有你在研究异世界。早在你之前，有足够多的科学家已经开始研究这一领域。有些和你一样，从研究具体的世界开始，而有些理论学家则从更宏大的方面入手，试图验证异世界——或者叫做平行世界——在理论上的可行性与存在性。
But to your surprise, you were not the only one who were researching 'other worlds'. Long before you, there had been lots of scientists studying this field. Some liked you began his research from a concrete world, while theorists started with a larger aspect, trying to verify the feasibility and existence of 'other worlds'---Or 'parallel worlds'---in theory.
而且，对你而言，看这两派在会议上吵架确实是一件累人的事。
And, to be honest, for you, it was very tiring to watch the two factions quarreling at the meeting.

你坐在会议厅外的长椅上，试图恢复起精神。
You sat on a bench outside the meeting room, trying to restore spirit.
"嘿，小伙子，这会没有把你开死吧？"一个长者的声音响起。
"Hey, young man, this meeting didn't kill you huh?" An elder's voice sounded.
你抬头望向他，他是会议的主持之一，妥妥的业内大佬，容貌和眼神——以及他那蓬乱的头发——都显出智者的身份与神态。
You looked up at him. He was one of the hosts of the meeting, a big man in this area. His appearance and eyes---And his mop-like hair---were showing the identity of a wise man.
"没事，前辈，我感觉还好……"你试图客套和谦卑，但终究敌不过疲惫。
"Nope, senior, I'm fine......" You tired to be polite and humble, but you couldn't be against tireness.
"这种破会不把人耗到只剩骨头就算烧高香了。"他摆了一个嫌弃的动作，坐在你身旁，"你的报告确实令我印象深刻，不过总还是和那些新人一样，过于关注具体的方面。"
"We could thank god if this kind of meetings didn't exhaust us to death." He made a disgusting gesture and sat next to you. "Your report did impress me, but as other rookies, you focus too much on specific aspects."
"啊，哦……这样会带来什么问题呢？"你谦虚地向他请教。
"Ah, so......What problem could it cause?" You humbly asked him for advice.
"我没有办法具体地指出这到底会带来什么问题，但是我倒是亲眼见过这样带来过哪些问题……"他点上了一支雪茄，"和异世界的人喜结连理这种狗血事我见过的就两只手数不过来了，更何况我还看见干涉别国内政的，仿佛国际法在世界之间就不存在一样。——虽然从法理上目前来说确实是这样……"
"I cannot tell you specify what problems this will bring, but I saw them before......" He lit a cigar, "Felling in love with a guy from 'other worlds'? I can't count by my ten fingers. What's more there were those who interfere in the internal affairs of other countries, as if international law did not exist between different worlds---It does not exist, in the view of jurisprudence logics, somehow......"
你不禁被他的幽默逗乐了。"那么，我要怎么做才能避免这样的情况呢？"
You couldn't help being amused by his humor. "So, how do I avoid this?"
"这个嘛，小伙子，"他吐了一口烟，"就算我在这一行摸爬滚打了三十余年，我也不能告诉你你应该做什么。但是我可以告诉你你不应该做什么。
"Well, youngster." He took a puff of smoke, "Even if I've been in this business for more than 30 years, I cannot tell what you should do. But I can tell you what you shouldn't do:

"永远不要认为你很行，能够对这个世界做什么
"Never think you're somebody, and could do something to the different world.
"永远不要忘记你研究这个世界是为了什么。是为了我们——大宇宙中银河系内太阳系里地球上的智人——我们。
"Never forget what you are researching for. It's for us, Homo sapiens on the Earth in the Solar System in the Galactic System in the Grand Universe, us.
"不要太过琢磨与具体的方面，一个普通人的吃喝拉撒并不值得你跟踪一辈子，那是社会学家该干的事。把你的目光着眼于更加宏大的地方，比如世界的诞生、世界的组成、等等"
"Don't dwell too much on specific aspects. A normal guy's life is not worth following for a lifetime, that's what sociologists do. Keep your eyes on bigger aspects, like the birth of the world, the composition of the world, and so on."
你频频点头，发誓要记住前辈所说的全部。
You nodded frequently and vowed to remember everything the elder said.
"哦，对了，你的实验室开在英国实在是太可惜了，如果你能来日本，你能够直接获得来自国家的研究资助。"他最后不忘提醒了你一句。你知道你是不会挪地方的，但你还是很礼貌的回答了一句"谢谢"。
"Oh, by the way, it's a pity that your laboratory is in England. You could receive research funding from the state directly if you move your lab to Japan." He didn't forget to remind you at last. You knew you wouldn't move, but you thanked to him though.