有人敲了敲你办公室的门，"请进。"你说。
Somebody knocked your door, "Please come in." You said.
门开了，走进来的是世界先遣队的队长。在“纯白行动”完美成功后，你特批了世界先遣队半个月的休假，今天是他第一天回来上班。"有什么事吗？"你问道。
The door opened, it was the leader of world advance team. After the success of "Pure White Action", you specially approved the world advance team for half a month's vacation. Today was his first work day after vacation. "What's up?" You asked.
"是这样的，我觉得我们世界先遣队可以着手考虑继续进行对世界的探索了。"队长说，"单单一个纯白之城，虽然美好，但不应当是我们探索的终点。"
"Things are that I think it's time for our world advance team continuing to explore the world." The team leader said, "The Pure White City, wonderful though, shouldn't be our end."
"哦？确实，你有什么想法？"你问道。
"Oh? That's true. Do you have any idea?" You asked.
"我认为我们需要考虑长远，目标直指世界的尽头。"他踌躇满志的拍了拍胸脯。
"I think we should think further. Our goal should be the end of the world." He patted his chest with pride.

你噗嗤一声笑出来，"这步子也迈太大了罢？"
You broke out a laughter, "This step is too far, huh?"
"不不，根据我们对纯白之城居民的世界观调查，很多人都不知道城外的世界还有没有城市。少数学者倒是给出了肯定的答案，但是也不太知道确切的位置。"他似乎对自己的想法很有信心，"根据我们在图书馆记录到的地图，我们可以大致确定几个方向。"
"Nope. According to the investigation about the world view of the residents of Pure White City, many people there don't know if there were cities outside their city. A few scholars have given a positive answer though, but they don't know the exact position." He seemed very confident in his ideas, "We can roughly determine several directions based on the map we found in city library."
"可是你之前的报告也提到，目前那边主流观点认为只有纯白之城有人居住啊？"你仍然在劝他打消这个念头。
"But your previous report have shown that the mainstream view is that only Pure White City is inhabited?" You were still persuading him to give up the idea.
"不亲自去看一看，又怎么能知道呢？"他仍然自信满满。
"How could you know without going to see it?" His confidence still.

也对，不要太过琢磨与具体的方面，"那么我安排一下常驻在纯白之城的人，你今天把你的初步计划写一份到纸上。如果方便的话，现在简要说说。"
Yes, don't dwell too much on specific aspects.  "So I'll arrange people who will stay at Pure White City. Write a preliminary plan on paper today. If convenient, speak your plan to me briefly."
"好的，按照距离和地形，我认为目前最容易接近的两个可疑点，一个在纯白之城西方，一个在纯白之城东南方。"他说，"这两个都离城不远，如果花上几天准备，最多两个星期，勘察报告就能摆到主任您桌上。"
"Alright. According to the destination and terrain, I think there are two suspicious spots we could approach easily. One in the west of Pure White City, another in the south-east." He said. "Both of them are not far away from the city. If we take some days to prepare,  exploration report will be on your desk in at most two weeks."
"好，就这么办了。"你同意了他的计划，就如在国际象棋中走出全新的冒险一着。
"OK, let's do this." You approved his plan, like making a new risky move in chess.