她又一次从教堂顶部的房间醒来，新的一天开始了，又一次。
She woke up again from the room at the top of the church. A new day began, one more time.
不过新的一天相比于旧的一天，又有什么不同呢？除了偶尔的几天，大主教前来提醒关于祭典的事——不过那又如何，不过是永恒的一部分罢了。时间是永恒的产物，如水一般流淌，而她自己就是永恒。
But was there any difference between the new day and the old day? Except occasional few days, the Archbishop came to remind about the ceremony---But so what, it was just a part of the eternity. Time is the product of eternity, flowing like water, and herself is the eternity.
她在床上简单地打理自己，她不知她每天如此——为什么需要知道呢，她不需要知道俗世的纷扰，她不需要知道凡人的感受。
——甚至不需要知道昨天与明天。
She simply managed herself in bed. She didn't know why she did it every day---Why needed to know? She didn't need to know the troubles of the world, she didn't need to know the feelings of mortals---She didn't even need to know yesterday and tomorrow.

沉稳的敲门声响起，是大主教来了。"请进。"她说道，一如既往。
There was a steady knock on the door. It was the Archbishop. "Please come in." She said, as always.
大主教推门而入，紧随其后的是一个她不认识的人。
The Archbishop pushed the door, following him was a stranger.
"大祭司，这里有一位外乡人前来亲自求见您，他并不是纯白之城的居民，甚至……"大主教顿了顿，"……甚至不是来自这个世界的人。"
"My High Priest, here's a non-native coming and requesting an interview in person. He is not resident from Pure White City, even......" The Archbishop paused, "even not from our world."
"啊，没事，他来见我一定是为了了解这个世界的，不用感到疑虑，这并不会让我感到奇怪。"她仍旧用她的语气——庄严但不高高在上的语气——回复大主教的话语，"您可以先去忙您自己的事了。"
"Ah, that's not a big deal. He must be here, coming to see me to understand the world. No need to doubt, it doesn't surprise me." She replyed the Archbishop in her typical tone still---A solemn but not superior tone, "You can do your own business first."
"好的，等到您与他谈话结束我就会回来。"说罢，大主教便退了出去。
"Yes. I'll back after your talk is over." And then, the Archbishop went out.

房间里只剩下了她和那名外乡人。
There were only her and the non-native in the room.
但令她有一点意外的是，还没有等到她开口，外乡人先开口了：
A little surprise to her, the stranger spoke first before her:
"很抱歉打扰您，大祭司，但是我们对这个世界知之甚少。"他一点都没有被威严给震慑住。确实，不是这个世界的人。
"Sorry to bother you, High Priest, but we know few about this world." He was not deterred by majesty. Indeed, not a man in this world.
"有什么问题的话，只要我能回答，我一定会告诉你的。"
"I will answer what I could answer. Just ask."
外乡人麻利地从衣服里掏出一块板子。可能是记事板，看起来早有准备。
The non-native took a board out of his clothes quickly. It looked like a clipboard. He must be prepared in advance.
他问了很多关于这个世界的问题，也有很多关于纯白之城的问题。她都一一作答——自然，这些都是从她存在伊始就知道的事，至于她什么时候存在于这世上，她并不知道。
He asked a lot about this world, of course including questions about the Pure White City. She answered, one by one---Naturally, she had known these things from the beginning of her existence. As for when she began to exist in this world, she didn't know.

"好的，与您对话真实受益匪浅，在我告辞之前，我还想问最后一个问题。"外乡人收起了他的记事板，"大祭司这个职位……存在是永恒的吗？如果不是，它是以一个怎样的方式来指定接班人的呢？"
"OK, I really benefit a lot from the conversation. Before I leave, I'd like to ask one last question." The stranger put back his clipboard, "Is the position of the High Priest......eternal? If not, how does it designate a successor?"
"大祭司这个职位……"她顿住了。
"The position of the High Priest......" She paused.
存在是永恒的吗，必然的，从世界创造伊始就存在了，大祭司创造了纯白之城，作为力量的外延，是她让民众安居乐业，是她让世界沐浴在光辉之下……
Was existence eternal? It was certain that she existed since the beginning of the world. The High Priest build the Pure White City, as the extension of her power. It was she who makd the people live and work in peace and contentment, and she who bathed the world in light and glory......
……吗？
......?
"大祭司？"外乡人又问了一遍。
"High Priest?" The non-native asked again.
"啊，对，大祭司这个职位存在是永恒的。"她这时才回过神来。
"Ah, yes. The position of the High Priest is eternal." At this moment did she recover from thinking.
"好的，再次表示感谢。非常高兴能与您对话。"外乡人起身，行礼告辞。此时大主教进来，把他接出了门。
"Alright, express my thanks again. It's a honour to talk to you." The stranger got up and saluted to leave. The Archbishop went in, taking him out of the door.

现在只剩她一人在房间中，太阳已经高挂灰白的天空。
Now only herself alone, in her room high above. The sun had hung high in the gray sky.
"真的是这样……吗?"
"Is that......true?"