她又一次从教堂顶部的房间醒来，新的一天开始了，又一次。
She woke up again from the room at the top of the church. A new day began, one more time.
又一次。
One more time.
她仍然在回想昨天外乡人问的问题给她带来的冲击。
She was still thinking about the impact of the questions had asked by that non-native yesterday.
……等等，"昨天？"
Wait, "<i>Yesterday</i>"?

她隐约觉得自己是知道"昨天"这个词的含义的，只不过自己已经很久不使用它了。
She felt that she knew the meaning of the word "Yesterday" vaguely. She was just not using that word for a long time.
"昨天"，意指已经过去的那一天，与之相对的概念是"明天"，还没到来的那一天。
"Yesterday" meant the day had already passed. The concept opposite to it was "Tomorrow", the day hadn't come yet.
为什么自己记得"昨天"，它好像与自己和永恒有什么……不同。
Why could she remember "Yesterday"? It seemed to be......different from her and eternity.

那么，"昨天"的"昨天"是什么，它一定是一天，一天可以发生很多事。"明天"的"明天"又是什么，也是一天，同样可以发生很多事。
So, what's the "Yesterday" of a "Yesterday"? It must be a day, in which lots of things could happen. What's the "Tomorrow" of a "Tomorrow"? It is a day too, in which also could happen lots of things.
每一天都可以被记得，就像她记住了"昨天"。
Every "Day" could be remembered, just like she remembered "Yesterday".
永恒不再永恒，单调的颜色中出现了色彩。
The eternity is not eternal anymore. More colours appeared in a monotonous colour.

她置身于迷离的色彩中，周围并无它物环绕。只有色彩——炫目的色彩、迷离的色彩——不断地变化着，充斥着她眼前的空间。
She was in a blur of colours, surrounded by nothing else. Only colours---Dazzling, blurred colours---Constantly changing, filling the space in front of her.
她想运用自己的神力来打破这个幻界，但是她做不到。
She wanted to use her divine power to break the illusion, but she couldn't.
色彩的光辉逐渐刺眼，不同颜色的光交融在一起，形成了极致的白，向她压迫而来。
The light of colours became more dazzling. Different colours of light blended together to form the ultimate white, oppressing her.
她想叫，她想呼喊，但是她被噤声了，仿佛有一只手扼住了她的喉咙。
She wanted to shout, she wanted to call out, but she was forced to be silent, as if a hand had caught her throat.
她只能在原地，看着白光压迫自己，压迫一切。
She could only stay where she was and watch the white light oppress herself and everything.

……

……

她又一次从教堂顶部的房间醒来，又一次。
She woke up again from the room at the top of the church. One more time.
她突然意识到，这绝对不是她第一次经历这种感受。
She suddenly realized that this was definitely not the first time she had experienced this feeling.