她记不起来自己什么时候安心于"大祭司"这个身份了，但可以肯定的是，她的无欲无求、无知无望的状态与之有关。
She couldn't remember when she was relieved to the identity of "the High Priest", but she could make sure that her state of non desire was related to it.
当她使劲回想自己的过去时，她什么都想不起来。不是那种记忆已经很久远的那种记不起来，而是直接一片空白。
When she tried to remind about her past hardly, she could remind nothing. Not that kind of "forgotten" 'cause of long time, but a blank.
当她把这种疑惑与感觉大主教的时候，大主教想了一想，指出："这种记忆缺失很可能是人为的。"
When she told the Archbishop this doubt and feeling, the Archbishop thought for a while and pointed out: "This memory loss is probably man-made."

人为的，有什么人能够抹除大祭司的记忆？有什么人<b>有能力</b>去抹除神明的记忆？她开始把自己的思考方向转到这里来。大主教也是有某种意义上的神力的，然而他绝无可能与大祭司直接抗衡。
Man-made, who can wipe out the High Priest's memory? Who <b>has</b> the ability to wipe out a <b>god</b>'s memory? 
She began to turn her thinking direction here. The Archbishop also had a kind of divine power, but he had no possibility of direct confrontation with the High Priest.
那么还有谁，到底还有谁……
So, who? Who?
这个问题像一抹阴影，在她的脑中挥之不去。"你不需要过于纠结这样的问题。"她不断地劝自己不要陷入偏执于执着，但这是无用功。
This question lingered in her mind like a shadow. "You don't have to worry too much about this problem." She constantly advised herself not to fall into paranoia and persistence, but it was useless.

她日夜都在思考这个问题，然而高高在上，与世隔绝的神明已经了无世间他人的概念，自然也找不到哪怕可能的嫌疑人。
She thought about this problem, day and night. However, the isolated god had no concept of others in the world, so she could not any possible suspect.
她以前入睡的时候，总是让自己的意识沐浴在光辉中冥想。而现在，当她的意识踏入光辉之境时，总感觉有一抹阴影在她周围飘动。
When she used to sleep, she always meditated, bathing her consciousness in lights. But now, when she brought her consciousness into the lights, she could fell the shadow fluttering around her.
她拼命地想要驱赶走那抹阴影，"那是不纯净的！"。她奔跑、她呐喊，要是外面的人听见了，可能会惊奇于大祭司竟然在做噩梦而把她唤醒。
She tried to drive away the shadow desperately, "That's impure!" She ran. She shout. If somebody outside heard, he would be surprised that the High Priest had been having a nightmare and woke her up.
但是没有人敢去干涉神明的事务。
But no one dares to interfere in the affairs of the god.

她从床上坐起，窗外天还没亮。
She sat up from her bed. It was still dark outside the window.
她懊恼与自己的失态，尽管没有任何人看见。
She was annoyed with her gaffe, although no one saw it.
那抹阴影，一定是自己太偏执而出现的，忘掉那个问题，忘掉一切，那抹阴影自然会消失……
That shadow must have appeared because she was too paranoid. Just forget that question, forget everything, and that shadow will disappear......

……等等，不对，那抹<i>阴影</i>……
......Wait, no......that <i>shadow</i>……