大主教对于她的到来毫不意外，实际上，当大祭司问出那个问题的时候，他就明白这个问题需要面前的这位女孩来解决。
The Archbishop was not surprised by her arrival. In fact, when the High Priest asked that question, he knew that the question could only be dealt by the girl in front of her.

说是"女孩"还是过于牵强了，实际上，大主教清楚，面前的她，同大祭司一样，都是世界性格的具象，在凡人看来，具象的能力都是如神明一样的。虽然大主教位高权重，寿命与魔法能力也非常人能及，但毕竟从凡人中走出，在选出接班人后终将重归凡人与死亡。
It was too far fetched to call this one "a girl". The Archbishop knew, in fact, the girl in front of her, same as the High Priest, are both the embodiments of the character of the world. In the eyes of mortals, embodiments' abilities were like gods. Although the Archbishop had high power and had extraordinary longevity and magic ability, he still came from mortals, and would become mortal after the successor was appointed, and died.
"我带你去见她可以，前提是你们的谈话我必须在场。"他施展出了威严的姿态。他很少用这种姿态待人。
"I can take you to her if I'm present for your conversation." He made a majestic gesture, which he seldom did.
"可以，我想——"那名女孩嘴角微微上扬，"你也想知道这事情的来龙去脉。"
"That's fine. I think---" A shadow of a smile touched the girl's mouth, "you want to know the reasons of it, too."
"不，其实就这事情本身的来龙去脉，我全都知道，书上写的清清楚楚。"大主教不屑一顾，看来这位女孩还是小瞧了他的博学，"我只是想知道你这次带来了什么，同时还得保证你们两个见面不把教堂给弄塌了。"
"Nope. I know all of the reasons. It's clearly written in the book." The Archbishop despised it. It seemed that the girl underestimated his erudition. "I just want to know what you bring this time and make sure this meeting won't collapse the church."
"哈，那不至于，你也太高看我了。"她哈哈一笑，"带路吧。"
"Hah, that can't happen. You think too highly of me." She gave a laugh, "Lead the way."

沉稳的敲门声响起，是大主教来了。"请进。"大祭司说。
There was a steady knock on the door. It was the Archbishop. "Please come in." The High Priest said.
"大祭司别来无恙……"大主教推门而入，"……今天我带来一位……您的朋友。"
"Hope that you are well, my High Priest......" The Archbishop came in, "......Today I bring someone......who is your friend."
"朋友？"大祭司微微一愣。
"Friend?" The high priest was slightly stunned.
"是的，您必然不记得，这是属于您缺失记忆中的那部分。"大主教解释说，"如果可能，接下来的谈话，我想留在一旁。"
"That's true. You can't remember, because she belongs to your missing memory." The Archbishop explained, "I want to stay aside in the next conversation if possible."
"……可以。"大祭司一边回答着，一边用眼光打量着大主教带来的所谓的"她的朋友"：黑发女孩，一席黑裙，手里握着一把黑伞。
"......You can." The High Priest answered, looking at the so-called "her friend" brought by the Archbishop: Black hair, black dress, and a black umbrella in her hand.
可以肯定的是，她不认识这位"朋友"。
She could make sure, She didn't know this "friend".

"你来拜见我有何贵干？"大祭司没好气的问了一句。那个人的眼神咄咄逼人，怪讨厌的，她想。
"Why do you come to see me?" The High Priest asked with no interest. The girl's eyes were aggressive and annoying, she thought.
"我来找你，是因为我找到了能够让你恢复记忆的东西。"黑发女孩微微一笑，随即从身后拿出了一枚残片。
"I come to find you, 'cause I found the thing which could recover your memory." The girl with black hair gave a wee smile and took a fragment from behind.
这枚残片，不像大祭司平常见到的残片纯洁无瑕，而是黯淡的，散发着暗红色的光辉。
This fragment, was not pure like the High Priest had saw before. It was lackluster, emitting a dark red glow.
"……就这？"大祭司不屑的问了一句，丝毫没有注意到大主教的呼吸已然急促。
"......That is it?" The High Priest asked disdainfully, failed to notice that the Archbishop's breath had already been rapid.

"大祭司，这个残片包含的……是您的自我，也就是您刻意摆脱掉的那部分记忆。"大主教急忙步入对话双方之间，"它的确能够解释您的记忆缺失问题，但是，我认为你千万不能去使用它，因为它……给我一种痛苦的预感。"
"My High Priest, what this fragment contains......is yourself, is the part of memory you deliberately got rid of." The Archbishop hurried into the two side of this conversation. "It could explain your memory loss problem, but, I think you should use it from <b>ANY</b> reason. Because......It gives me a premonition of pain."
"什么？"大祭司显然是被大主教的话给愣住了，但旋即她的注意力又被黑发女孩的笑声给吸引。
"What?" The High Priest was obviously stunned by the Archbishop's words, but soon her attention was attracted by the black haired girl's laughter.
"哈哈哈……你果然是什么都不记得了，你的记忆难道被抛弃得这么彻底吗？"她的语气愈发咄咄逼人，但同时又有着某种诱惑力。
"Hahaha......You really don't remember anything. Is your memory so completely abandoned?" Her tone became more and more aggressive, but somehow it had a kind of temptation.
大祭司记得这个的声音。
The High Priest know this sound.
她不认识这位"朋友"，但她认得这个声音。
She didn't know this "friend", but she knew this sound.

"把它给我。"大祭司向那名女孩说。
"Give it to me." The High Priese said to that girl.
"大祭司您在干什么？！"大主教仍然极力劝阻。
"What are you doing, my High Priest?!" The Archbishop still tried to dissuade.
"不管了，把那枚残片给我。"
"Give that fragment to me, no matter what."
大主教这时才硬生生收回他的手，缓步从对话双方之间让开。
Only then did the Archbishop forcibly withdraw his hand and slowly step away from the two sides of the meeting.
"拿上它，你真的能够想起你自己是谁的。"黑发女孩说，她的语气这个时候没有那么咄咄逼人了。
"Take it, you will remember who you are, really." The black hair girl said. Her tone was not that aggressive.
大祭司上前，伸出手，先是愣了一愣，然后才拿上那枚血红色的残片。
The High Priest extended his hand, stumbled briefly, and took that bloody fragment.

(此处卡一个空行的时间间隔)
(Take a blank time line here)

一切发生的十分突然，但大主教确信，这并不是他乐意看到的场面，至少在目前看来，这比教堂塌了还要糟糕。
It all happened very suddenly, but the Archbishop was sure that it was not a scene he would like to see. At least for now, it was worse than the collapse of the church.
"大祭司……"他想说话，但却如鲠在喉。
"My High Priest......" He wanted to speak, but he couldn't.
他不能转过头去教训那名黑发女孩，当她拿出那枚残片——不，是她出现在他面前的那一刻，这一切就已注定。
He couldn't blame the black haired girl. When she took out that fragment---no, when she appeared in front of him, all this was doomed.
那个"她"，回来了，这件事不是他想拦就能拦住的，虽然他说服自己不要阻拦，但……
That "her", had come back. He could not stop this even if he wanted. Although he persuaded himself not to stop, but......
"大祭司"，不，那个"她"，跪倒在地上，痛哭失声。
"The High Priest", no, that "Her", knelt down on the ground, crying.
"哈哈哈哈哈……"又是那名黑发女孩的笑声，"在无数次的世界轮回中，你我之间的斗争进行了千百回，每一次，都是你将我击败。我并不认为那种斗争是公平的，所以每次，我都故意输了。
"Hahahahaha......" That girl's laughter, again, "In the countless of world cycles, you and I had fought for thousands of times. You beat me every time, but that's because I don't think it was a fair fight. So I lost, every time.
"你不曾想过我的感受，因为你并没有真正经历过这个世界，你没有仔细的观察过你所收集的残片所对应的回忆，每一次，你都无法承受，最后抛弃了自我，从这些残片中重新获得力量
"You never thought about how I felt, because you have never really experienced the world. You have never carefully observe the memories corresponding to the fragments you collected. You couldn't bear them, every time, and lost yourself at last, gain power from fragements.
"我很享受和你相处的时光，在你收集那些残片之前，在你抛弃自我之前。"她俯下身，用手轻轻抬起大祭司——不，是"她"——的脸庞，"那个时候的你，真的是一个有趣且善良的人。"
"I really enjoyed my time with you, before you collected those fragements, before you lost yourself." She bent down, lifting the High Priest---No, "her"--- face gently with her hand, "You were a very interesting and kind girl, that time."

"欢迎回来，「光」。"
"Welcom back, 「Hikari」."